This first betrothal gift is wealth
As long as your rich family has wealth
You can be a second-class wealthy family in southern Xinjiang
Became the world's leading celebrity overlord
Kind of interesting.
Is that the second betrothal gift?
This second betrothal gift
Is fame
As long as there is fame
Your co-pilot
You can get the recognition of various celebrities in Huaxia
It was compelling.
This third betrothal gift is to disobey the family
What does it mean for a husband and wife to live up to their family members?
Mistress, you two first fell in love when you were a student
Regardless of identity barriers
Brave to pursue love and even have a daughter for him
I haven't been angry for so many years
The crystallization of your love that you painstakingly raised
Mr. Ip left me a message
How could he be so loved by his family?
Just live forever
idle and noisy, sincere return
It's really a grand-sounding one
Rich families have been working in southern Xinjiang for decades
Wealth understand
Is there a shortage of rich families?
Speaking of wealth
Ye Huan's three officials left
The rich really don't like it
Besides, King Ming also wants to change
What did the rich family bring?
Is it nothing more than smear?
That's right. Wrong. Wrong. Wrong.
The rich family only has a language in southern Xinjiang
But the power of the gentleman is destroyed by radiation
Famous for the top of the Jiujiang
Is that right?
What else is there to hide?
This city's identity has to wait for Mr. to pick it up in person
I can't say.
Got it, got it
I advise you to figure out one thing
If you are not talented, you will work in a discrimination group
Only our insiders know that.
The old man of the Qi family was poisoned
I never had a chance to come to you
What are you playing for me here, you old thing?